cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 1 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 1 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 2 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 2 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 3 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 3 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 4 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 4 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 5 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 5 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 6 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 6 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 7 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 7 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 8 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 8 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 9 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 9 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 10 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 10 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 11 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 11 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 12 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 12 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 13 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 13 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 14 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 14 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 15 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 15 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 16 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 16 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 17 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 17 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 18 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 18 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 19 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 19 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 20 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 20 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 21 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 21 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 22 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 22 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 23 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 23 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 24 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 24 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 25 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 25 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 26 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 26 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 27 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 27 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 28 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 28 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 29 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 29 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 30 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 30 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 31 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 31 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 32 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 32 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 33 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 33 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 34 0.25 0 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
cd ~/project/Zika/AgeScenarios/; math 34 0.25 10 -script GenerateZikaResults.m
